michael latito from france became famous
for being able to munch on
inedible stuff doctors found out that
the man had a very thick lining covering
his stomach and
intestines plus his digestive juices
were incredibly powerful
this gave him the ability to consume
literally anything
including sharp or even toxic metals no
wonder
lotito got the nickname monsieur majito
which means mr eat all the man didn't
actually eat any gigantic passenger
plane
but he still consumed a mind-boggling
nine tons of metal
he opted for a cessna 150 a two-seat
general aviation plane
monsieur lotito managed to eat the
aircraft within two years
from 1978 to 1990. throughout his career
he also consumed
tons of other indigestible things
bicycles
tv sets shopping carts chandeliers
beds even a small section of the eiffel
tower
at the same time soft foods like eggs or
bananas
made latito sick for him bananas had no
appeal
okay we should move on huh there's a
kind of grape that has 12 percent more
sugar than others it took plant breeders
almost 12 years to reach this result
at first sight the super sweet grapes
look and smell
exactly like regular ones but they taste
like cotton candy
there is a cruise ship where you can
live permanently
the ship is traveling around the world
making several day stops in different
ports
people can either live on board or come
and go whenever they want
they own comfortable and spacious cabins
that cost anywhere from two and a half
million to
nine million dollars most of these
apartments have been bought long before
the construction of the ship was
finished
you can rent your cabin out or bring
along your relatives or friends
the average age of the ship's residents
is 66.
it looks as if the mountains on venus
are covered with snow
but the temperatures on the planets are
scorching and no snow can exist there
the ice like substance is actually
metallic
vanta black is the darkest material in
the world
it absorbs more than 99 percent of light
and makes 3d
objects look like 2d objects the
material is made of tiny hollow carbon
tubes
they've been grown in a special
laboratory it started in 2003
when two brothers from spain bought an
expensive artwork
they believed it was an original goya
painting when they found out it was a
19th century fake
the men decided to sell it presenting it
as the real thing
the buyer was supposedly a rich arabian
shake
the middleman demanded a commission of
three hundred fifty thousand dollars
the brothers didn't have so much money
and had to borrow it
at first the sellers asked for four and
a half million but
in the end the price was lowered to one
point seven million dollars
when the men tried to deposit the money
into a bank account
they discovered the money was fake just
like their painting
the brothers were arrested the middleman
disappeared with the commission
and was never found wim hoff of the
netherlands got his nickname
the iceman for a reason in january 2007
he ran a half marathon in ulu a town in
northern finland
it's a mere 100 miles away from the
arctic circle
the man didn't have his shoes or shirt
on even though his more than two hours
of running barefoot on ice and snow
wim hof has also set the world record
for the longest time in full body
contact with
ice and he's done it 16 times his best
result was surpassed only in 2019 by an
athlete from australia just makes you
shiver doesn't it
a man from canada was fishing when a
powerful storm hit the area
his boat veered off course and got stuck
in the bushes
the man ended up in a totally unfamiliar
place
he had no idea where he was after
wandering around for some time
he understood he was completely lost and
might not survive this adventure
he was getting desperate when an idea
came to his mind
he damaged the nearest power line with
the axe he had
then the man sat down and started to
wait for a helicopter to come and repair
it
the copter did arrive and rescue him but
since
lots of people had to spend almost 30
hours without power
the man had to pay a big fine
your right lung is a bit shorter than
the left one
because it has to leave some room for
your liver as for the left lung
it's narrower because it has to make
space for the heart
also a male's lungs usually hold more
air than a woman's
wireless signals are illegal in the
small town of green bank in west
virginia
it means no cell phones no wi-fi no
bluetooth
no electronic transmitters and so on all
because the place houses the green bank
telescope
it's the world's largest fully steerable
radio telescope
any kind of wireless signal can mess up
its work
there are only two seasons on uranus
summer and winter
each of them occurs twice a year and
lasts for 21 earth years
and one full year on uranus is 84
earth years long wow imagine having to
wait for summer vacation to come around
sheesh costa coffee's chief coffee
taster
has his tongue insured for 13 million
dollars
taste buds are as important for his
profession as vocal cords are for a
singer
they allow him to pick out hundreds of
flavors the very first roller coaster
was constructed to transport
coal down a hill the track was long
steep
and the cart's speed could reach 50
miles per hour
soon people found out about this
entertainment
tourists could coast down the
treacherous terrain after paying a few
cents
snails have one of the craziest sleeping
patterns in the world
they can catch some z's for an hour or
two and then stay awake for 30 hours at
a time
these animals also have bizarre
hibernation periods
those can last for several years and if
you saute them with some garlic
they are delicious coyotes and badgers
often hunt together
badgers know how to get prey out of its
burrows and coyotes are skilled at
chasing animals on the ground
plus badgers have a heightened sense of
smell and coyotes have excellent vision
their cooperation works like this a
badger digs out a small critter
and makes it run toward a coyote that's
waiting nearby
and dinner is served doesn't say which
critter gets the first bite
the whale shark one of the largest fish
in the world
has several thousand tiny teeth it uses
them to eat
veggies the shark is a filter feeder and
prefers to munch on plants
algae and plankton the plankton are not
happy about this
but such is life lots of people start
laughing after they sneeze several times
in a row
that's because sneezing makes you happy
when you do it
your body releases endorphins those are
hormones responsible for dealing with
stress
elves are so flexible they can twist
their heads in
almost a full circle all thanks to the
fact that their heads are connected to
their body
by only one socket pivot people have two
of those
and it seriously limits our abilities
owls also have many vertebrae
tiny bones that make up the spine and
neck it's another thing that helps them
to perform their head swiveling trick
oh yeah they have to move their entire
head because owls can't move their eyes
around
the sea level is different throughout
the world and the world's ocean surface
isn't flat
it's because of the winds and the
difference in gravity
it's influenced by the mass of
underwater mountains
most astronauts claim space smells like
searing steak or barbecue
that's exactly the odor that hangs
around after someone finishes a space
walk
but some space explorers are sure it
smells like heated metal
or maybe heated metal or searing steak
smells like space
i mean what was there first your most
vivid dreams happen during
rem rapid eye movement sleep this stage
doesn't last
long and happens 90 to 120 minutes apart
throughout the night
during rem sleep most of the voluntary
muscles in your body
get paralyzed this way you can't harm
yourself while acting out a dream
except when you fall out of bed trust me
it's weird
there are waterfalls in the ocean they
occur when there is a big difference in
water temperature
then colder water flows down and under
warmer and therefore less dense layers
the largest known waterfall on earth
lies between
iceland and greenland the giant is
eleven thousand
five hundred feet tall the world's
largest sand image was as big as twelve
olympic sized swimming pools and could
be seen from space
it was created in 2019 in dubai it took
the artists more than 2
400 hours to finish their work
the sun weighs 330 000 times as much as
our planet
the size difference is so great that the
earth could fit inside the star 1.3
million times
by the way the sun contains 99.85
of all the mass in our solar system the
university of oxford is older than the
aztec
empire the educational institution was
established in 1096
and the aztec empire was founded 332
years later
in 1428. fast fact if
oxford still had some of its original
professors on staff
they'd be pretty old by now each tree in
melbourne was once given
a unique id number this way residents
could email the council if something
happened to the plants
but people started to send love letters
to the trees instead
i think that i shall never see a poem as
lovely
as a sequoia semper virus nah that
doesn't swing does it